---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "semaphoreui_project_key Data Source - SemaphoreUI"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The project key data source allows you to read the the credentials used throughout a project.
---

# semaphoreui_project_key (Data Source)

The project key data source allows you to read the the credentials used throughout a project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Lookup by Key ID
data "semaphoreui_project_key" "key" {
  project_id = 1
  id         = 3
}

# Lookup by Key Name
data "semaphoreui_project_key" "none" {
  project_id = 1
  name       = "None"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (Number) The project ID that the key belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (Number) The key ID. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `id`, `name`.
- `name` (String) The display name of the key. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `id`, `name`.

### Read-Only

- `login_password` (Attributes) A login password key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_password))
- `none` (Attributes) The special None key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--none))
- `ssh` (Attributes) A SSH key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssh))

<a id="nestedatt--login_password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_password`

Read-Only:

- `login` (String) The login username.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The login password. Persisted to Terraform state. Set exactly one of `password` or `password_wo`.
- `password_wo` (String, Sensitive) .
- `password_wo_version` (Number) .


<a id="nestedatt--none"></a>
### Nested Schema for `none`


<a id="nestedatt--ssh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh`

Read-Only:

- `login` (String) The login username.
- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) The SSH Key passphrase. Persisted to Terraform state. Set at most one of `passphrase` or `passphrase_wo`.
- `passphrase_wo` (String, Sensitive) .
- `passphrase_wo_version` (Number) .
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The SSH private key. Persisted to Terraform state. Set exactly one of `private_key` or `private_key_wo`.
- `private_key_wo` (String, Sensitive) .
- `private_key_wo_version` (Number) .
