---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "semaphoreui_project_template Data Source - SemaphoreUI"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The project template data source allows you to read a template.
---

# semaphoreui_project_template (Data Source)

The project template data source allows you to read a template.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Lookup by Template ID
data "semaphoreui_project_template" "template" {
  project_id = 1
  id         = 3
}

# Lookup by Template Name
data "semaphoreui_project_template" "build" {
  project_id = 1
  name       = "Build Application"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (Number) The project ID that the template belongs to.

### Optional

- `id` (Number) The template ID. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `id`, `name`.
- `name` (String) The display name of the template. Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set : `id`, `name`.

### Read-Only

- `allow_override_args_in_task` (Boolean) Allow overriding arguments in the task.
- `app` (String) The application name.
- `arguments` (List of String) Commandline arguments passed to the application.
- `build` (Attributes) Specifies a build type template used to create artifacts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--build))
- `deploy` (Attributes) Specifies a deploy type template used to deploy artifacts. Each `deploy` template is associated with a build template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deploy))
- `description` (String) The description of the template.
- `environment_id` (Number) The environment (variable group) ID that the template uses.
- `git_branch` (String) Override the git branch defined in the project repository.
- `inventory_id` (Number) The inventory ID that the template uses.
- `playbook` (String) The playbook/script filename. Optional when `app` is `terraform` or `tofu`; required otherwise.
- `repository_id` (Number) The repository ID that the template uses.
- `suppress_success_alerts` (Boolean) Suppress success alerts.
- `survey_vars` (Attributes List) Survey variables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--survey_vars))
- `task_params` (Attributes) Default task parameters applied when this template or integration runs a task. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_params))
- `vaults` (Attributes List) Ansible Vault Passwords. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vaults))
- `view_id` (Number) The view ID that the templates belongs to.

<a id="nestedatt--build"></a>
### Nested Schema for `build`

Read-Only:

- `start_version` (String) Defines start version of your artifact.


<a id="nestedatt--deploy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deploy`

Read-Only:

- `autorun` (Boolean) Automatically run the deploy template after the build template.
- `build_template_id` (Number) The ID of the build template.


<a id="nestedatt--survey_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `survey_vars`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the survey variable.
- `enum_values` (Map of String) The enum name/values.
- `name` (String) The name of the survey variable.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether the survey variable is required.
- `title` (String) The title of the survey variable.
- `type` (String) The type of the survey variable.


<a id="nestedatt--task_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_params`

Read-Only:

- `ansible` (Attributes) Ansible-specific task parameters. Use this when `app` is `ansible`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_params--ansible))
- `arguments` (String) JSON-encoded array of extra command-line arguments passed to the task runner (e.g. `"[\"-vvv\"]"`).
- `environment` (String) JSON-encoded object of environment variables exposed to the task.
- `git_branch` (String) Override the repository branch checked out for this task.
- `message` (String) Optional commit-style message recorded with each task run.
- `terraform` (Attributes) Terraform / OpenTofu-specific task parameters. Use this when `app` is `terraform` or `tofu`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_params--terraform))

<a id="nestedatt--task_params--ansible"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_params.ansible`

Read-Only:

- `debug` (Boolean) Run Ansible with `-vvvv` debug output.
- `diff` (Boolean) Show file diffs for changes Ansible makes (`--diff`).
- `dry_run` (Boolean) Run Ansible in check mode (`--check`).
- `limit` (List of String) Ansible hosts to limit the run to (`--limit`).
- `skip_tags` (List of String) Ansible tags to skip (`--skip-tags`).
- `tags` (List of String) Ansible tags to run (`--tags`).


<a id="nestedatt--task_params--terraform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_params.terraform`

Read-Only:

- `auto_approve` (Boolean) Run with `-auto-approve`.
- `destroy` (Boolean) Run a destroy (`terraform destroy` / `tofu destroy`).
- `plan` (Boolean) Run plan-only (no apply).
- `upgrade` (Boolean) Pass `-upgrade` to `terraform init` / `tofu init`.



<a id="nestedatt--vaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vaults`

Read-Only:

- `client_script` (Attributes) Unlock vault using an Ansible vault password client script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vaults--client_script))
- `id` (Number) The vault ID.
- `name` (String) Ansible vault ID name. Must be unique.
- `password` (Attributes) Unlock vault using a password. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vaults--password))

<a id="nestedatt--vaults--client_script"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vaults.client_script`

Read-Only:

- `script` (String) The script path.


<a id="nestedatt--vaults--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vaults.password`

Read-Only:

- `vault_key_id` (Number) The project key ID to use.
